>> GOT A BIKE COMING THROUGH.
>> Reporter: ON A BRIGHT
SATURDAY MORNING, ORGANIZERS
FROM THE SOUTHERN ARIZONA
MISSING IN AMERICA PROJECT,
ALONG WITH MILITARY PERSONNEL,
VETERANS GROUPS, LAW ENFORCEMENT
OFFICERS, AND PRIVATE CITIZENS,
GATHER AT THE ADAIR FUNERAL HOME
IN NORTHWEST TUCSON.
PIMA COUNTY DETECTIVE SHAUN
PFUND IS THE LAW ENFORCEMENT
LIAISON.
>> THIS IS ABOUT YOU.
THE MISSING IN AMERICA PROJECT
WAS A CREATION OF A VET WHO
BELIEVED THAT NO VETERAN SHOULD
GO WITHOUT HONORABLE BURIAL, AND
OUR INTENT IS ALWAYS TO LOCATE,
IDENTIFY, AND RECOVER VETERANS.
>> Reporter: OVER THE PAST SIX
YEARS, 255 VETERANS HAVE BEEN
LAID TO REST THROUGH THIS EFFORT
IN SOUTHERN ARIZONA.
STATEWIDE, THE NUMBER IS MORE
THAN 430.
NATIONWIDE, MORE THAN 3,100 VETS
HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED AND
INTERRED WITH MILITARY HONORS.
>> IT'S A VERY EMOTIONAL THING,
BECAUSE I ACKNOWLEDGE THE PERSON
WHO HAS SACRIFICED SO MUCH FOR
ME.
>> AS WE RIDE TODAY, PLEASE HAVE
YOUR ANGELS SPREAD THEIR WINGS
OF PROTECTION AND KEEP US ALL
SAFE.
>> Reporter: THE CREMATED
REMAINS OF THESE 29 HOMELESS OR
IMPOVERISHED VETERANS ARE
DRIVEN BY MOTORCADE 25 MILES TO
BE INTERRED AT A VETERANS'
CEMETERY IN MARANA, ARIZONA.
THE MISSING IN AMERICA PROJECT
FINDS REMAINS BY WORKING WITH
MORTUARIES, FUNERAL HOMES,
VETERANS GROUPS, AND STATE
AGENCIES.
AFTER DETERMINING THE REMAINS
ARE OF A VETERAN WITH AN
HONORABLE DISCHARGE, THE PROJECT
CARES FOR THEM IN THIS WAY.
>> I HAVE COME ONCE AGAIN TO
HONOR AND ACKNOWLEDGE THE MEN
AND WOMEN WHO HAVE HONORABLY
SERVED OUR NATION IN A TIME OF
WAR AND IN A TIME OF PEACE.
>> Reporter: SOME RECOVERED
VETERANS SERVED AS FAR BACK AS
WORLD WAR II.
OTHERS AS RECENTLY AS IRAQ AND
AFGHANISTAN.
PIMA COUNTY COVERS THE COST OF
CREMATIONS.
THE ADAIR FUNERAL HOME DONATES
THE ENGRAVED URNS.
(GUNFIRE)
>> LUCKETT, JAMES H, U.S. ARMY,
VIETNAM.
(BELL TOLLS)
CARTER, JOHN R., U.S. ARMY, COLD
WAR.
(BELL)
>> FOR THEY FELL NOT UPON THE
BATTLEFIELDS OF THIS WORLD BUT
WITHIN OUR NEIGHBORHOODS AND
CITY STREETS.
UNIDENTIFIED, MARGINALIZED AND
FORGOTTEN, DESTINED TO FADE AWAY
WITHOUT A WORD, A TRIBUTE OR
RECOGNITION OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
SERVICE TO OUR NATION.
I SAY TO EVERYONE HERE WITHIN
THE SOUND OF MY VOICE AND
BEYOND, YOU ARE NOT FORGOTTEN.
>> Reporter: THE NEXT CEREMONY
FOR THE SOUTHERN ARIZONA MISSING
IN AMERICA PROJECT IS SCHEDULED
FOR OCTOBER.
ORGANIZERS HAVE ALREADY
CONFIRMED THE REMAINS OF 12 MORE
VETERANS TO BE HONORED.